Splunk Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement")

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your Contributions submitted to Splunk Inc. ("Splunk") or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Except for the license granted herein to Splunk and recipients of software distributed by Splunk, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.
1. Definitions.
"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Splunk. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Splunk for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Splunk (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Splunk or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Splunk for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, 
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Splunk and to recipients of software distributed by Splunk a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense (through multiple tiers), and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works. If moral rights apply to the Contribution, to the maximum extent permitted by law, You waive and agree not to assert such moral rights against Splunk or our successors in interest, or any of our licensees, either direct or indirect.
3. Distribution License.  If Splunk includes Your Contribution in a Work, Splunk may license the Contribution under any license, including copyleft, permissive, commercial, or proprietary licenses. 
4. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Splunk and to recipients of software distributed by Splunk a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
5. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to Splunk, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Splunk.
6. You represent and warrant that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent and warrant that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions. You represent and warrant that each Contribution shall be in compliance with applicable export control laws.
7. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
8. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Splunk separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".
9. You agree to notify Splunk of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
10. You agree to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to You in the conduct of Your actions under this Agreement. This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California excluding that body of laws known as conflicts of law. The parties agree that State and Federal courts situated in the State of California shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any action or proceeding concerning this Agreement and/or performance hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding Contributions or Work. No amendment to this Agreement is effective unless it is in writing and signed by both parties. You agree that Splunk has the right to assign this Agreement to another entity at any time in its sole discretion.
